we'll sell you to Bishop bought meat
from the child is let into your this
little tree glitch all the information I
got a body you see that clit right there
when i get a tape pop in here blood
nigga brains up but yeah this legend
three glitch I've been getting messages
about it you know how to do this um
currently right now it ain't no way to
do it on the ps4 they say this only for
the xbox one but you know me on my squad
we gotta try some they get too down the
way to get it on the ps4 wheat wrong
they gonna let me know when they get it
come on you know I'm gonna put it up
here and soon as I getting I'm a hard
job I feel I mean he ain't gonna ruin
the game didn't already is all up
and but ain't gonna ruin is
just for fun like that mascot a
tricky one mascot heard you had at you
can have a UH with you want mascot I
think you gotta start over though I
think you got to start a new player and
then you gotta bother you seeing all
that that's a lot of work mom you
seen as ain't no cell no more no
more but nah but Alicia the hardest part
about the glitch is you have to have a
legend 3 or somebody with the boss so it
looks like if one of your friends was
alleged three and they left the park and
they said that they would like to my
part animations in it you can get on a
on
but that's the hard part finding people
that's gonna get a password and and let
you see I probably y'all probably got
friends don't let other that like
legend trees and like that but I
know I would but yeah and then yes they
said it's like a demigod mission where
you on where you gotta like load up the
planner and then you gotta close at all
that member something's off finding
I'm a chopper for y'all and my best
advice to the demigod losing all the
corruptions and all that man my
best advice is then don't even play
Michael room just don't even put
actually in there cuz you free you can
freeze at any time it's all seen the
video i got ya but i'll go to the video
on how to get past the austere gaming
y'all see me i got passed out by doing
what i did in the video but man the best
advice for me is not to play market
river which are demigod because now bc
ain't selling worse so if you get your
player corrected i know i know some
crazy i think it will go by vc again but
I won so uh yeah man soon as we find
that Blizzard gonna drop it I'm gonna
drop it I'm a hay lugar secreto but I
haven't dropped out hold two for the ps4
and self with Xbox one it's not for the
ps4 man wat ain't trying to figure out a
way to get it for the ps4 be a man I'm a
job touhou something like good